Create crop-for-coins.md (#22)
SkyKings-Guild/Guides: guides/crop-for-coins.md

```yaml {metadata}
title: Best Crop For Coins
description: |
  Learn what crop makes the most coins per hour
category: Money
author: MohIsDaddy
tags:
  - skyblock money making method
```
With all the money making methods out there, farming has to be one of the greatest
of them, being almost fully afk-able and making upwards to 10m per hour and almost 
16m an hour while being maxed, so you might be asking, what crop should I be farming

> to make the most? well then, you came to the right place!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make the most? Well then, you came to the right place!
```

Before we start you must keep in mind that a mooshroom cow is always better for coins

> over elephant, but you'll be going to loose quite the amount of collection.

Reviewer: what

Author: yes

> While using bountiful with a decent setup and a melon dicer, you'll be going to be
> getting the most amount of coins, ranking as best with a potentail 16m per hour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using bountiful with a decent setup and a melon dicer, you'll be 
getting the most amount of coins, ranking as best with a potential 16m per hour
```
